all right so we're going to show you the
tubular jaw and how to use it so first
of all we're going to make sure our
settings are updated in your software
when the software's connected to the
Machine and you have motion port
detected we're gonna go to file setup
and under jaw one tracer on the
calibration x1 whatever you have there
change it to 1400 you could pause the
video if you need to do this part 1400
change calibration x2 to 1400 as well
and then hit master updates it'll
probably take a moment to update and
don't press ok and then file exit once
that's done we'll go over here and
you'll take your old jaw off by UNH's
make sure the tip and shoulder stop for
the jaw to out of the way and unscrew
the red T knob and slide the jaw off and
at that point you can slide your
cheese-like jaw on but before we do that
we're going to install our tubular
tracer and tubular cutter so to install
the cutter you hold down the spindle
stop button and unscrew the red knob at
the top right now at the top
okay call it and this is our new chief
lip cutter it's bigger in diameter and
it has four flutes on it looks kind of
like an X and they'll stop button and
tighten the red knob at the top until
it's firm and then for the tracer it'll
take the allen wrench and take the screw
out and then you'll have your tracer now
it's important that you put the chaser
up to where half an inch is sticking out
or under actually probably best would be
right under half an inch so here we got
our caliper that's half an inch
we'll make a measurement here the best
thing to do would be to make a
measurement and then to put a little
marker there so yeah I have a little
black mark there on my tracer tip and so
right now I have that market right at
half an inch I'm gonna put it up right a
little bit past that mark towards just
under half an inch sticking out I'm
gonna make my mark
disappear so that's just under half an
inch probably 0.475 inches but that's
gonna be all right after you've
installed that chaser we're gonna
calibrate the tracer for jaw 1 so slide
your jaw back go and lock it down make
sure that your tip and shoulder stops
are down and then we go to operations
calibrate tracer and your software type
1 and press ok
and then your software you'll it'll say
updating and then you'll press okay
it'll take the job that call and then
we've got our two bugs all here that
will slide onto the table lock it down
with the red T knob and we're ready to
go so first of all we'll open up the jaw
this has kind of like a hinge thing
going on here where it sits like that so
you just open that up and we're gonna go
ahead and duplicate a tippy
I mean a tubular key here so the notch
goes to the back into this little cutout
here in the back so just hold that up
against that bring this down and start
tightening the red knob make sure the
notch goes into that recess there and
now we're ready to start tracing let's
go select the key and our software here
this is the most common chicago-style
key so to select the key we'll go to
type manufacturer and from the drop-down
we'll go down to the T's where it says
tubular you'll see we have several
options here this is really the most
common one you'll probably always use
the Chicago one and then you'll select
the key blink there and that'll bring
the key up and you'll see the diagram
there and so now we're ready to hit
trace so I'm gonna hit trace and this is
gonna trace now
that's what it should look like when it
does it and then you should hit the top
I'll go down and chase it out all right
and then you'll see the readings over
here on the screen so that was a - I
mean a 3 - 7 3 3 6 7 all right so we're
going to cut that now on a blank so
we're gonna take this out we're gonna
take a blank put it right back in there
same way
make sure your tracer flipped up and
then all you gotta do is come over here
and hit the start button and this is
what we'll do it'll tell you to make
sure you have the cutter for in there so
this is gonna be the cutter for
take that out if you want to clean it up
at all then you can go over here and hit
the brush button and I will turn the
brush on you kind of press and here we
have our duplicated key that's all there
is certain then make sure that you have
the latest version of software before
you go trying to do this or else it's
not going to work the version of
software you need to have is and you
find this out by going to help and then
about and it'll say five point three
eight point eight or higher we'll do
this okay thank you very much